2 2
does not mean
the 3 4
3 and 4 this is dry it was without effect
remembered for example that losing
life now
these ailments
tarantini
look
does not exist
since
about if that
now
nothing else every day
ayala
until
protest quintana
nor lack at the end
try to unify fantastic jocay
for this term
still missing the adventures of a year later
this mess
before I got too much that point that was wrong to track you had a
new way 1 5 zp
and that was because the track was not hand
opencor
this all you want to buy something because I think you should be welcome
academy
after giving thanks for not being loved and dresses for management
fernandez February
I am happy happy to light the twins t
but they did not achieve the ninth london it was not revealed that since 2009 they have become
on stage we do not want anything gray
because but now he has done a good job outside his territory
that detail is very bad this but good no matter what else was very
well with force a moment are they detect that and the look the movement and to ask
the other teachers but
I do not think that
You go with everything
you go with everything, do not hesitate and if you make a mistake, do not take it from us, you know that the only thing
you know the montage here of this is you and me
the only two other teachers do not know what to ask
if you're wrong about something if you spend at the concert any
after the season full of explosives killed a month
with pleasure but there are in the concert do not do it because the portentosos the
stay not everyone here I was wrong
and nobody had noticed
but I like what I'm good
Flowers commented to football
isea berton
I really like to see you I congratulate you with all my heart I really like your voice I like it
see I like what you're doing the box the truth that that from here to
ahead
what we are
starting to know that we had not seen
yesterday he touched him through an 8 I knew there was something there
very good and now we are seeing brazil
I'm going to live a little bit of the teachers
because as I have always said, in terms of tastes, genres are broken
your voice is very fine your technique is very good
sofi nation is very good from my point of view what I heard
but to me yes I stayed to duty in terms of kicks or have
maybe I think that the measure
in which one can convince more people because it could be treated not
if many millions of people with and without breaching is a
a great singer as the seer in this field with
I encourage that the deductions in terms of transmission
I repeat efe ayón advances and of course there is
but I still missed the subject
we do not have a little problem with the track because good because that was evident
then you delay the second pass